hello everyone and welcome to another
blender tutorial this is greg zyla and
today i'm going to show you how to
composite the car render to make it look
professional and appealing if i were to
surrender this image now this is what i
would get it's not bad but it could be a
whole lot better so let's go into the
node editor just dark compositing click
this then click use nodes now add a
viewer node by pressing shift a output
and then view a node or viewer then
click back drop the first thing most
professionals do is add color correction
this gives the image of color scheme so
that it is more appealing and also
allows you to use complementary colors
to make the image more attractive so
let's do that press shift a and click
color and then color balance now we're
going to have to move these up a lot now
how loads work is that we use these
little yellow dots as input on the
always on the left and output which is
on the right so the output of the render
layer which is the basic image we've
rendered goes into the input of the
color balance the output of the color
balance goes to the viewer node now you
will notice the three color wheels on
this color balance load lift gamma and
gain left is the wheel which controls
the color of the dark areas of the image
gain controls the lighter areas and
gamma controls all the parts in between
in our image we're going to incorporate
the complementary or opposite colors are
in genteel we want the latter part of
the image to be teal and the
medium parts to be orange while the dark
areas remain the same so just the two
wheels on the right like so you'll
notice that as you play around with
these values the color of the image
changes so be careful how much you
adjust it I think that's fine the next
thing we want to do is add a vignette
list of the darkening of the edges of an
image since blender does not have a
specific vignette node we have to use a
combination of loads so add a lens
distortion node set the distort value to
1 if you connect this to the viewer node
you'll notice that the image is now
squished into a big oval so what we want
is this oval in the center to be
completely transparent so add a math
mode change it to greater then change
the bottom value to 1 and then connect
it all nicely oh it change the bottom
value to not not one it's now you'll
notice the center is mostly white which
is perfect but vignette a isn't
perfectly round and sharp like this so
add a blur node change it too fast or
Shin check relative and change both of
these values to 0.3 then reconnect it
all up and you'll notice that the darker
while the edges are talker and the
sensor is white but now we need to
connect this up with the rest of the
image so add a mix node
change the type to multiply connect the
output of the color balance to the top
input and that the output of the blur we
upload to the botton input and change
multiply value to 1 and connect the
output to the viewer load now you'll see
that the image has darker edges you can
change this value to not notice the
difference that is without vignetting
over yet and that is with next we need
to brighten the image up a bit since
it's very dark so add an RGB curve and
adjust it about that much make sure you
connect at each time to the viewer node
just to see what you're doing you'll
notice that this is now very bright
compared to what it used to be we needed
like this for the next step we need to
add some contrast into the image so add
a gamma node not brightness contrast
gamma it's much easier and connect it up
change the gamma value to 1.2 and you'll
notice that it goes dark quite quickly
slightly but it's noticeable
finally we need to add some highlights
into the image just to make it a little
bit more attractive so add a glare node
now since our image is very dark sort of
cars very dark anyways we need to change
this threshold value to 0.7 now you'll
notice that a whole lot more things are
brightened up from one where you just
have a little bit there one part they're
2 0.7 a lot of it as bright but it's
very noticeable when you have a vertical
and the horizontal streaks we only want
horizontal because it's more attractive
but you can play around with however men
you like so change streaks 22 now you'll
see it looks better with the horizontal
only and that's it make sure all these
nodes are connected in the proper
fashion in the right direction and in
the right input output make sure that
the mixed nodes have the right ones on
top and on the bottom and make sure the
glenoid at the very end is connected to
both the viewer node and the composite
node thanks for watching this tutorial
if you are wondering makari I mean the
car model was made by Rex Harvey another
dude on the site so yeah thanks for
following this is greg's all and goodbye